---
title: "2023-05-21 Hacker News Top Aricles and It's Summaries"
date: 2023-05-22T18:59:32+08:06
draft: false
---
## 1. [The end of the accounting search](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36021197)

**Total comment counts : 29**

### Summary:

 LWN.net, a subscriber-supported publication, has finally stopped using QuickBooks, a proprietary accounting system that caused frequent crashes, forced users to pay for updates, and had arbitrary limits to force upgrades. After considering several alternatives, LWN.net chose GnuCash, a free accounting system available for Linux systems. GnuCash was chosen because of its ability to easily import and export data, its simple accounting operations, and its graphical interface. While GnuCash is not a perfect program and has some unfinished aspects, LWN.net found it good enough to do what it needs to do. The ability to print checks was also a significant feature for LWN.net. Overall, the shift to GnuCash has been a positive change for LWN.net, giving them better control over their accounting data.

### Top 1 Comment Summary:

 A QuickBooks ProAdvisor, who has been one for over 20 years, is concerned about Intuit's recent decisions. The author believes that the company is forcing all customers to migrate to the online version of their program, despite many clients being happy with and preferring the desktop version. Intuit is also throwing major updates at the online version that hides or moves functionality, making it difficult for the author to support multiple clients with differing versions. Additionally, Intuit has been relentlessly raising prices, eventually pricing everyone out of their product. This has led the author to worry about finding a new way of supporting themselves because Intuit appears to be demonstrating that they don't need to show loyalty to customers or even keep them.

### Top 2 Comment Summary:

 The article discusses the author's decision to switch from QuickBooks to GnuCash for their financial management needs, citing their disagreement with QuickBooks' recent business decisions. The author clarifies that contrary to the claims made in the article they read, QuickBooks does not frequently crash, and the desktop version is still available but requires an $800 annual subscription. They conclude that they would rather not pay the subscription fee and instead use GnuCash.

## 2. [Writing Python like it's Rust](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36018621)

**Total comment counts : 47**

### Summary:

 The author describes how their experience using Rust has influenced the way they design programs in Python. They stress the importance of using type hints to make program interfaces more clear and precise, and advocate for returning strongly typed objects with named parameters rather than tuples or dictionaries. The author also expresses a desire for algebraic data types (ADTs), which are used in Rust but not typically found in mainstream languages like Python. Overall, the article suggests that incorporating concepts from Rust can lead to programs that are easier to understand and maintain.

### Top 1 Comment Summary:

 The article argues that while some comments suggest Python's typing system is not as good as other languages, it misses the point that Python is not meant to be the best at everything, but good at most things. Python offers optional typing with a decent level of safety which gives users the flexibility to script quickly or design more seriously, explore in a shell or commit a public API into a file, and start with untyped code and add typing later. While the typing system has its rough edges, it makes Python very versatile, and its ecosystem keeps improving. Python's practicality makes it versatile, allowing developers to tackle a wide range of problems, which is why the language is increasingly popular.

### Top 2 Comment Summary:

 The author is criticizing how clunky Python 3 is becoming. They find type hinting to be more painful than it should be and compared to other programming languages. They wish type hinted Python would look more like TypeScript, where types, generics, abstract classes, enums, and interfaces are built into the language itself instead of importing features from modules. The author believes there are too many ways of doing things in Python, and it’s hard to teach to new developers. They state that if they didn’t have a massive investment in Python, they would have moved to Rust by now. They suggest creating a Python 4 and potentially dealing with foot-dragging.

